1. Create shims of the relevant config files to make changing the main rice colors simple;

2. Refactor userContent.css and userChrome.css and system files so that every bit of code is (a) known and commented (such code is tagged with "X") and (b) as well-formed, precise, non-redundant, and as efficient as possible (such code is tagged with "XX");

3. Move Speed Controller's popup to a better position;

4. Fix YouTube videoplayer thumbnail-to-videoplaying state jankiness (i.e., the lag between pressing play on the thumbnail and the video playing);

5. Make YouTube videoplayer thumbnail dimensions strictly identical to those of the videoplayer;

6. Make all gaps between Waybar status bar modules exactly identical;

7. Set a universal, rigid width between YouTube videplayer channel name and thumbs-up-down buttons;

8. Make YouTube front grid dead center (the left-side black-space is currently a few pixels too wide);

9. Standardize the four default wallpapers to various display sizes;

10. Fix external-drive Thunar invisibility upon plug, and when the fix is implemented enable volume managament in preferences;

11. Get a superior, more harmonious, custom set of icons;

12. Create .svg versions of all icons;

13. Expand icon coverage in /.local/share/icons/Adwaita/symbolic/status/;

14. Make sure the Thunar address bar is dead center;

15. Hide the channel-name verified-circle under the YouTube videoplayer;

16. Make Waybar power-button menu thinner;

17. Replace janky folder icons in Firefox's, and thunar's, popup windows for saving and opening content;

18. Fix current icon coverage by creating robust symlinks;

19. Provide more elegant symlink icon;

20. Restore subscribe button on YouTube channel profiles;

21. Expand and audit commands.txt;

22. Create a light-colored pale matte version of the rice ("Midday Sway Atomic"); create a CLI script that makes switching between them very easy;

23. Harmoniously theme all remaining Firefox UI popups (the quit popup, the downloads popup, the save-file popup, and the trust panel);

24. After the rice is completely finished, create a new set of show-case images;

25. ...
